             Matching game

The game starts when you make the first choice move.
 So the timer begins to record your done time for all the pairs of the table.
 There are plenty of moves you can take and no limit in game time
 but you take three stars for the game completion ..
There are Font awesome's symbols anchor, diamond, leaf, bomb, bolt, bicycle, paper-plane, cube, used to design the cards.


                        How to play

Make moves on the table of cards by choosing pairs of cards 
that you think that have the same symbols. 
If the cards match, they will remain open.
 If they do not match, they will flip over and you can try again.

                      Game Behavior

.The game randomly shuffles the cards. Player wins once all cards have successfully been matched.

..When a player wins the game, a modal appears for congratulations and asks for one more game.
 It tells the player how much time it took to win the game, and what the star rating was.
...A restart button allows the player to reset the game board at any time of the game:
 the timer, and the star rating.
....The game displays a star rating (from 1-3) that reflects the player's performance. 
At the beginning of a game, it should display 3 stars.
 After some number of moves, it should change to a 2 star rating. 
After a few more moves, it should change to a 1 star rating.
.When the player starts a game, a displayed timer should also start. Once the player wins the game, the timer stops.
.Game displays the current number of moves a user has made.

             Interface Design

1-Application uses CSS to style components for the game.

2-All application components are usable across modern desktop, tablet, and phone browsers.

                       Documentation
1-A README file is included detailing the game and all dependencies.
2-Comments are present and effectively explain longer code procedure when necessary.
3-Font Awesome symbols used for game. Google Fonts Coda and Fascinate Inline used in game.



